Governance action tutorial fixes spotted by @rickymac68 (#128)
input-output-hk/sanchonet: docs/tutorials/actions.mdx

**Previous governance action ID**

> To prevent unintended conflicts between governance actions of the same type, it is essential that some governance action includes the governance action ID of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent unintended conflicts between governance actions of the same type, some governance actions must include the governance action ID of
```

When proposing a governance action, the proposer may employ an *anchor*, which comprises a *URL* hosting a document that outlines the rationale
for the proposed changes, along with the document's *hash*.

> The document at the URL can be of a free form. It's important that it should communicate to ada holders the *what* and the *why* of the proposal. This tutorial mostly uses 'https://github.com/Ryun1/metadata/blob/main/cip108/treasury-withdrawal.jsonld' as an example, see [here](https://github.com/Ryun1/CIPs/blob/governance-metadata-actions/CIP-0108/test-vector.md) for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The document at the URL can be of a free form. It's important that it should communicate to ada holders the *what* and the *why* of the proposal. This tutorial mostly uses 'https://github.com/Ryun1/metadata/blob/main/cip108/treasury-withdrawal.jsonld' as an example, see [here](https://github.com/Ryun1/CIPs/blob/governance-metadata-actions/CIP-0108/test-vector.md) for more details.
```

See [CIP-100 | Governance Metadata](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/CIPs/tree/master/CIP-0100) and [CIP-0108? | Governance Metadata - Governance Actions](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/CIPs/pull/632) for standard.

> Following CIP-100 we canonize the metadata anchor first, via [JSON-LD playground](https://json-ld.org/playground/), which we then hash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following CIP-100, we canonize the metadata anchor first, via [JSON-LD playground](https://json-ld.org/playground/), which we then hash.
```

  --testnet \
  --governance-action-deposit 1000000000 \
  --deposit-return-stake-verification-key-file stake.vkey \
  --anchor-url https://github.com/Ryun1/metadata/blob/main/cip108/treasury-withdrawal.jsonld \
  --anchor-data-hash 931f1d8cdfdc82050bd2baadfe384df8bf99b00e36cb12bfb8795beab3ac7fe5 \
  --remove-cc-cold-verification-key-hash 89181f26b47c3d3b6b127df163b15b74b45bba7c3b7a1d185c05c2de \
  --quorum 1/2 \

>   --governance-action-tx-id fe2c99fe6bc75a9666427163d51ae7dbf5a60df40135361b7bfd53ac6c7912ec \

Reviewer 2: These 2 have to be changed to  `--prev-governance-action-tx-id` and `--prev-governance-action-index`

Author: done!
thanks for the spot @Hornan7

  --testnet \
  --governance-action-deposit 1000000000 \
  --deposit-return-stake-verification-key-file stake.vkey \
  --anchor-url https://github.com/Ryun1/metadata/blob/main/cip108/treasury-withdrawal.jsonld \
  --anchor-data-hash 931f1d8cdfdc82050bd2baadfe384df8bf99b00e36cb12bfb8795beab3ac7fe5 \
  --quorum 60/100 \

>   --governance-action-tx-id fe2c99fe6bc75a9666427163d51ae7dbf5a60df40135361b7bfd53ac6c7912ec \
>   --governance-action-index 0 \

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  --prev-governance-action-tx-id fe2c99fe6bc75a9666427163d51ae7dbf5a60df40135361b7bfd53ac6c7912ec \
  --prev-governance-action-index 0 \
```

  --testnet \
  --governance-action-deposit 1000000000 \
  --deposit-return-stake-verification-key-file stake.vkey \
  --anchor-url https://github.com/Ryun1/metadata/blob/main/cip108/treasury-withdrawal.jsonld \
  --anchor-data-hash "931f1d8cdfdc82050bd2baadfe384df8bf99b00e36cb12bfb8795beab3ac7fe5" \
  --constitution-url https://tinyurl.com/mr3ferf9  \
  --constitution-hash "5d372dca1a4cc90d7d16d966c48270e33e3aa0abcb0e78f0d5ca7ff330d2245d" \

>   --governance-action-tx-id "00caeb6c2db4575acc43be3e8f87b881dccb86283daf16aa2707275cbe7f3451" \

Reviewer 2: These 2 have to be changed to ` --prev-governance-action-tx-id` and `--prev-governance-action-index`

Author: done!
thanks for the spot @Hornan7

  --testnet \
  --governance-action-deposit 1000000000 \
  --deposit-return-stake-verification-key-file stake.vkey \
  --anchor-url https://github.com/Ryun1/metadata/blob/main/cip108/treasury-withdrawal.jsonld \
  --anchor-data-hash 931f1d8cdfdc82050bd2baadfe384df8bf99b00e36cb12bfb8795beab3ac7fe5 \

>   --governance-action-tx-id fe2c99fe6bc75a9666427163d51ae7dbf5a60df40135361b7bfd53ac6c7912ec \
>   --governance-action-index 0 \

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  --prev-governance-action-tx-id fe2c99fe6bc75a9666427163d51ae7dbf5a60df40135361b7bfd53ac6c7912ec \
  --prev-governance-action-index 0 \
```
A small typo here =D
